docs(gateway/proxy) add more detailed description of the regex matching (#2768)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway-oss/2.4.x/proxy.md

via [PCRE](http://pcre.org/) (Perl Compatible Regular Expression). You can
assign paths as both prefixes and regexes to a Route at the same time.

For a path to be considered as regex, it must fall **outside** of the following regex:

```
^[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-_~/%]*$
```

In other words, if a path contains any character that is **not** alphanumerical, dot (`.`),

> dash (`-`), underscore (`_`), tilde (`~`), forward-slash (`/`) or percent (`%`), then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dash (`-`), underscore (`_`), tilde (`~`), forward-slash (`/`), or percent (`%`), then
```

> it will be considered a regex path. Please note this determination is done on a per-path basis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it will be considered a regex path. This determination is done on a per-path basis
```

Avoid "Please"

[Back to top](#introduction)

#### Normalization behavior

> In order to prevent trivial Route match bypass, the incoming request URI from client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent trivial Route match bypass, the incoming request URI from client
```

avoid extra verbiage such as "In order ..."

is always normalized according to [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986)

> before router match occurs. Specifically, the following normalization techniques are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before router matching occurs. Specifically, the following normalization techniques are
```

// tense

> used for incoming request URIs which are selected because they generally do not change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for incoming request URIs, which are selected because they generally do not change
```

either comma before which clause or change to "which" to "that"

https://www.grammarly.com/blog/which-vs-that/?&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=10273012991&utm_targetid=dsa-1233402314764&gclid=Cj0KCQjw38-DBhDpARIsADJ3kjkkUiNesJxnbfHpDRYlsmmRt78Mt3lkIElLPs-AhDGLjwOv9otDjL4aAoIVEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds

semantics of the request URI:

> 1. Percent-encoded triplets will be converted to uppercase. e.g. `/foo%3a` will become `/foo%3A`.

Reviewer: Avoid Latin abbreviations, especially when starting a sentence.

```suggestion
1. Percent-encoded triplets are converted to uppercase.  For example: `/foo%3a` becomes `/foo%3A`.
```

> 2. Percent-encoded triplets of unreserved characters will be decoded. e.g. `/fo%6F` will become `/foo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Percent-encoded triplets of unreserved characters are decoded. For example: `/fo%6F` becomes `/foo`.
```

> 3. Dot-segments are removed as necessary. e.g. `/foo/./bar/../baz` will become `/foo/baz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Dot segments are removed as necessary.  For example: `/foo/./bar/../baz` becomes `/foo/baz`.
```

> 4. Duplicate slashes are merged. e.e. `/foo//bar` will become `/foo/bar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Duplicate slashes are merged. For example: `/foo//bar` becomes `/foo/bar`.
```

> `paths` attribute of the Route object are also normalized. It is achieved by first determining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `paths` attribute of the Route object are also normalized. It is achieved by first determining
```

if the path is a plain text or regex path. Based on the result, different normalization techniques

> are used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are used.
```

Colon shouldn't precede another colon lead-in

For plain text Route path:

> Same normalization technique as above is used, that is, method 1 through 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same normalization technique as above is used, that is, methods 1 through 4.
```

Should this really be called "methods"? Perhaps the items 1-4 should have a separate heading, such as Normalization or URI normalization.

For regex Route path:

> Only method 1 and 2 are used. In addition, if the decoded character becomes a regex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only methods 1 and 2 are used. In addition, if the decoded character becomes a regex
```

meta character, it will be escaped with backslash.

> Please note that Kong normalizes any incoming request URI before performing router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong normalizes any incoming request URI before performing router
```

Docs will replace Kong instances with variables before publishing.
